README.md, before:

## Try it out!
[ms-tracker.com](https://ms-tracker.com)

## Project Structure

There are 3 projects in ms-tracker
- library
- frontend
- functions

frontend is the web app that users interface with

functions deploys firebase cloud functions that can be called through HTTP
- While most data access is done through Firebase, the app laso needs to fetch data from api.maplestory.gg
- While this API is public, it is no longer being updated and does not have CORS properly configured. The Firebase Cloud Function will act as a proxy and cache for that API

library is a package that includes common code and configuration needed by the two deployments

## Build and Deployment

When first installing this repository, the library project should be installed first (`npm install` and `npm run build`). The library project should automatically be linked to the frontend and functions project

To start the frontend, run `npm install` and `npm run start`. To deploy, run `npm run deploy`

To emulate the cloud function locally, run `npm run import`, `npm install`, `npm run start`. Because our local library project cannot be installed on firebase cloud, we do this hack of copying the library package into the functions directory, so that the functions directory is shipped too. To deploy the cloud functions, run `npm run import` and `npm run deploy`

## TODO
- ~~Add Character UI~~
  - ~~Pressing Enter in the text box should submit~~
  - ~~Character Preview~~
  - ~~Upload own image (in case player is not in rankings)~~ 
    - Scrapped because i don't want to pay for S3 storage for minimal use case
  - ~~Region Selection (API url is different based on region)~~
- ~~Improve initial workflow UI~~
- Account-wide dailies
- In Each Display window, option to show dropdowns for groups of tasks
  - ex: checking Arcane Symbol Dailies would check - VJ through Esfera
- ~~TODO view should show "Go touch some grass" when there are no tasks remaining~~
- ~~App Name and icon should change based on first character in list rather than Buff NW~~
- Webpage looks terrible on mobile
- ~~Overview view should highlight tasks by color and by isPriority so its easier to understand~~
- ~~Overview view columns should be consistent width with Diagonal Name Headers~~
- ~~Add Bug Report and Feature Request Items to Floating Action Button~~
- ~~Edit Tasks UI is too clunky now that there's a large list of tasks~~

Commit message:

Added github repo to allow collaboration

README.md, after:

## Try it out!
[ms-tracker.com](https://ms-tracker.com)

## Project Structure

There are 3 projects in ms-tracker
- library
- frontend
- functions

frontend is the web app that users interface with

functions deploys firebase cloud functions that can be called through HTTP
- While most data access is done through Firebase, the app laso needs to fetch data from api.maplestory.gg
- While this API is public, it is no longer being updated and does not have CORS properly configured. The Firebase Cloud Function will act as a proxy and cache for that API

library is a package that includes common code and configuration needed by the two deployments

## Build and Deployment

When first installing this repository, the library project should be installed first (`npm install` and `npm run build`). The library project should automatically be linked to the frontend and functions project

To start the frontend, run `npm install` and `npm run start`. To deploy, run `npm run deploy`

To emulate the cloud function locally, run `npm run import`, `npm install`, `npm run start`. Because our local library project cannot be installed on firebase cloud, we do this hack of copying the library package into the functions directory, so that the functions directory is shipped too. To deploy the cloud functions, run `npm run import` and `npm run deploy`

## TODO
- ~~Add Character UI~~
  - ~~Pressing Enter in the text box should submit~~
  - ~~Character Preview~~
  - ~~Upload own image (in case player is not in rankings)~~ 
    - Scrapped because i don't want to pay for S3 storage for minimal use case
  - ~~Region Selection (API url is different based on region)~~
- ~~Improve initial workflow UI~~
- Properly implement account-wide dailies
- ~~In Each Display window, option to show dropdowns for groups of tasks~~
  - ~~ex: checking Arcane Symbol Dailies would check - VJ through Esfera~~
- ~~TODO view should show "Go touch some grass" when there are no tasks remaining~~
- ~~App Name and icon should change based on first character in list rather than Buff NW~~
- Webpage looks terrible on mobile
- ~~Overview view should highlight tasks by color and by isPriority so its easier to understand~~
- ~~Overview view columns should be consistent width with Diagonal Name Headers~~
- ~~Add Bug Report and Feature Request Items to Floating Action Button~~
- ~~Edit Tasks UI is too clunky now that there's a large list of tasks~~
- Allow users to create custom tasks
